there are some required classes that you have to take and some of those
you're going to have to take in a certain order. The best place to
get information about those classes in the order that you need to take
them in is either just by looking at the psychology department course
catalog or by going to the psych advising office. After that,
you'll have, um, units that you can fill with elective. Sometimes you'll
have, like, a choice of several different classes, and you just
need to take one or two choices. Um, and when it comes to those types
of things, I would just go with what interests you the most. Which
what what courses are really interesting to you and take those those
classes.